"We struggle and fight for our joy - an unreserved and unapologetic joy that springs from our ability to live as we are. It's a joy worth fighting for and it's this joy that links all of our struggles together." - Lady Phyll
"I am no longer accepting the things I cannot change. I am changing the things I cannot accept." - Angela Davis
"We are powerful because we have survived." - Audre Lorde
"We actually don't give a fuck about shiny, polished candidates. We care about justice." - Patrisse Khan-Cullors
"Progress is unimaginably difficult, dangerous, always at risk, always made by people with only partial vision." - Larry Kramer
"It is as if on the morning of June 28, 1969, America symbolically got back the anger she had created by her neglect of her most despised children: the fairies, queens, and nelly boys she had so utterly abandoned, saying she did not want them." - David Carter
"Hope will never be silent." - Harvey Milk
"If they don't give you a seat at the table, bring a folding chair." - Shirley Chisholm
"No man is good enough to govern any woman without her consent." - Susan B. Anthony
"The richness, beauty and depths of love can only be fully experienced in a climate of complete openness, honesty and vulnerability." - Anthony Venn Brown
"We will not win our rights by staying quietly in our closets." - Harvey Milk
"Are you going to let someone else's view of who you should be, and what you should do, hold you back?" - Charmaine Wilkerson
"Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat." - Ralph Ellison
"How many years has it taken people to realize that we are all brothers and sisters and human beings in the human race?" - Marsha P. Johnson
"Accept no one's definition of your life, define yourself." - Harvey Fierstein
"I'm for truth, no matter who tells it. I'm for justice, no matter who it is for or against. I'm a human being first and foremost, and as such I'm for whoever and whatever benefits humanity as a whole." - Malcolm X
"The next generation is so far advanced over us ... I love that a lot of younger people now come out that would never have come out in the old days. Of course, they are born into a community already. They just have to discover it, whereas we were still building it." - Edith Windsor
"When I dare to be powerful - to use my strength in the service of my vision - then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid." - Audre Lorde
"Nature made a mistake which I have corrected, and I am now your daughter." - Christine Jorgensen
"We need, in every community, a group of angelic troublemakers." - Bayard Rustin
"No pride for some of us without liberation for all of us." - Marsha P. Johnson
"Tremendous amounts of talent are lost to our society just because that talent wears a skirt." Shirley Chisholm
"It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are." - e.e cummings
"You don't have to think about doing the right thing. If you're for the right thing, then you do it without thinking." - Maya Angelou
"When you put love out in the world it travels, and it can touch people and reach people in ways that we never even expected." - Laverne Cox
"There will not be a magic day when we wake up and it's now okay to express ourselves publicly. We make that day by doing things publicly until it's simply the way things are." - Tammy Baldwin
"The fact is that justice is indivisible; injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere." - Dr. Martin Luther King Jr
"When all Americans are treated as equal, no matter who they are or whom they love, we are all more free." - Barack Obama
"Black people always found a way in the most miserable circumstances. If we didn't, we'd have been exterminated by the white man long ago." - Colson Whitehead
"Truth does not change, only our awareness of it." - Malcolm X
"Now is the time to make justice a reality for all of God's children." - Dr. Martin Luther King Jr
"Despite everything, I believe that people are really good at heart." - Anne Frank
"Nobody in the world, nobody in history, has ever gotten their freedom by appealing to the moral sense of the people who were oppressing them." - Assata Shakur
"Folks who were willing to endure bullying and taunts, and stayed strong, and came to believe in themselves and who they were, and slowly made an entire country realize that love is love." - Barack Obama
"I admit that the slave does sometimes sing, dance and appear to be merry. But what does this prove? It only proves to my mind, that though slavery is armed with a thousand stings, it is not able entirely to kill the elastic spirit of the bondman." - Frederick Douglass